Happy Holidays, Csico!

It's been a busy year at Qualys. We've launched a number of new solutions to help organisations increase their security postures.

We're now running 2+ billion scans per year and managing 800+ billion security data points, including 100+ billion detection's, for 8,000 customers in more than 100 countries.


We're pleased to share with you some of our top news, tips and webcasts from 2015.

Best Wishes for a Happy and Secure Holiday Season!

Your Friends at Qualys
Next-Gen Vulnerability Management with Qualys Cloud Agent

This new platform adds lightweight agents to assess and address the security and compliance of organisations' global IT assets in real time, whether on-premise, cloud-based or mobile endpoints.
Learn more »    Watch the webcast »

 
End-to-End Web Application Security Cloud Service

Virtual patching in Qualys Web Application Firewall enables organisations to fine-tune security policies, remove false positives and customise rules leveraging vulnerability data from the Qualys WAS.
Learn more »    Watch the webcast »

 
Free Asset Inventory Service that Scales to Millions of Endpoints

Qualys AssetView, a complimentary asset inventory service, is a centralised solution for managing your assets. IT or security administrators can deploy the Cloud Agent on their IT assets on a global scale, including on-premise systems, cloud-based servers or mobile endpoints.
Learn more »    Watch the webcast »
Top 6 Security Use Cases for Automated Asset Inventory

Discover why today’s distributed IT environment requires cutting-edge technology to keep track of apps, systems and services your users access. Learn more »

 
Automating the Top 20 CIS Critical Security Controls

Find out how to automate the Top 20 CIS Critical Security Controls and enable CISOs and their information security teams to do much more with less, essentially operationalising good cyber hygiene. Learn more »  

 
2015 State of Application Security: Closing the Gap

Get this report about the issues preventing better engagement between developers and defenders, and gain valuable insights into approaches for overcoming these challenges and securing your applications. Learn more »
Detecting and Addressing Unsafe SSL Configurations

As a security professional, you are on constant alert for external threats. But many breaches are caused internally by incorrect configuration of IT resources, including SSL. Hear more about the current state of SSL encryption and how major problems are being addressed. Watch Now »

 
Addressing Web Application Vulnerability with Continuous Protection

With increasing numbers of attacks on web applications, detecting vulnerabilities to protect your ever-changing perimeter is becoming more important than ever. Learn how to implement web application security throughout your systems development lifecycle (SDLC).

Watch Now »

 
The ABCs of The Pragmatic CISO: Assets, Borderless-ness and Compliance

With cyber security taking the front seat in the boardroom, CISOs now have more visibility than ever before. Join this webcast where we'll cover the ABCs of being a pragmatic CISO.

Watch Now »